README.md, before:

# Personal Website

## Christian Tropeano

This is a personal website that I made to showcase my skills and other projects that I have worked on. This was also an opportunity to strengthen my skills in React, as that is a technology that I want to get comfortable with going forward.

## Technologies Used
- React.js
- Tailwind CSS
- [Typed.js](https://mattboldt.com/demos/typed-js/)
- Framer Motion
- React Helmet (SEO)

## Inspiration
I wanted to create something that could be used to showcase my skills, since a resume can only do so much in that regard. I also enjoy working with Javascript so this project was able to fulfill both of those ideas. My previous websites were lacking animations, which is why I introduced Framer Motion and Typed.js to make my website feel more interactive. I spent a lot of time picking the colors of the website and opted for a darker theme (my previous iterations of my website were lighter colors, however those got tough to look at after sometime).

## Challenges I Faced
One challenge that I faced was creating all of the sub components as I went through the project. I realized that I was going to need a lot more than initially thought, so I had to abstract a lot of my project. This made different parts of my website more reusable (such as IndividualLink and AboutMeBox) and made the pages that those belonged to easier to style and layout. 

Another challenge was using Framer Motion, since it was a framework that I have never used before. I spent a lot of time tinkering with animations to make sure they did not take away too much from the content of the page, since that is instrumental for a successful website. 
I also spent a lot of time making my website responsive for different devices (phones, tablets, desktops and extra large screens). I was designing my website on a smaller version of a desktop, so when I opened the page fully, a lot of my spacing and margins were off, so I took a lot of time to fix that. One thing I can do to prevent this issue on future projects is to start designing on smaller devices and also designing on a fully opened desktop screen.

## Coming Soon/Fun Things to Add
- Skills Page
- Playing music while scrolling website (connect to my Spotify playlist)
- Light/Dark Mode
- Clean up Tailwind/JS code

Commit message:

Edited README, Tweaked About Page
Added Chart.js to README, changed the photo on the About Me page and added a caption.

README.md, after:

# Personal Website

## Christian Tropeano

This is a personal website that I made to showcase my skills and other projects that I have worked on. This was also an opportunity to strengthen my skills in React, as that is a technology that I want to get comfortable with going forward.

## Technologies Used
- React.js
- Tailwind CSS
- [Typed.js](https://mattboldt.com/demos/typed-js/)
- Framer Motion
- React Helmet (SEO)
- [Chart.js](https://www.chartjs.org/) (For the skills page)

## Inspiration
I wanted to create something that could be used to showcase my skills, since a resume can only do so much in that regard. I also enjoy working with Javascript so this project was able to fulfill both of those ideas. My previous websites were lacking animations, which is why I introduced Framer Motion and Typed.js to make my website feel more interactive. I spent a lot of time picking the colors of the website and opted for a darker theme (my previous iterations of my website were lighter colors, however those got tough to look at after sometime).

## Challenges I Faced
One challenge that I faced was creating all of the sub components as I went through the project. I realized that I was going to need a lot more than initially thought, so I had to abstract a lot of my project. This made different parts of my website more reusable (such as IndividualLink and AboutMeBox) and made the pages that those belonged to easier to style and layout. Going forward, I would want to do the mockups of my website better to take into account all of the components that I would need so that I could spend less time abstracting everyting in the middle of the project.

Another challenge was using Framer Motion, since it was a framework that I have never used before. I spent a lot of time tinkering with animations to make sure they did not take away too much from the content of the page, since that is instrumental for a successful website. 
I also spent a lot of time making my website responsive for different devices (phones, tablets, desktops and extra large screens). I was designing my website on a smaller version of a desktop, so when I opened the page fully, a lot of my spacing and margins were off, so I took a lot of time to fix that. One thing I can do to prevent this issue on future projects is to start designing on smaller devices and also designing on a fully opened desktop screen. 

One design challenge that I had was how to display my skills on the skill page. In the past, I have done bar graphs and a mosaic of all of the skills, however for this website I wanted to do something different. I ended up using Chart.js to design a radar chart that had all of my skills on them with the different levels of proficiency. I chose that kind of chart because it was something that I have never done before and I wanted to try something new. I thought about having cards for each skill, however the chart is better since it looks better on tablets.

## Coming Soon/Fun Things to Add
- ~~Skills Page~~
- Playing music while scrolling website (connect to my Spotify playlist)
- Light/Dark Mode
- Clean up Tailwind/JS code
